For the CRUD operations, we are admittedly not covering all paths in the code as we are simply checking each end state a database operation can have. This means we have full state coverage but not full path coverage.
The reason for this is because we test based on providing an incorrect value for each parameter per test, and all the others are correct; this makes sure we hit every possible "erroneous" state. There are only a few (usually one or two) "successful" states to test. 
I would argue that state coverage here is all that's important. For the "successful" states, I argue the results received from trying a bunch of fringe test cases that pass are not particularly useful; although this does admittedly open the system up to security flaws. My justification for this is that the software is not yet available to the general public, and as such development time is better spent testing the requirements currently at hand.

For the extension options, these are provided with dropdowns, and I am confident that through the combinatorial testing suite we can achieve high code coverage. This is especially true as the construction of these tests can be automated to a degree (given the correct database schema and options available in the extension).

The performance requirement is more akin to an integration option, and while it does not have much code coverage, it represents a "worst case scenario". Therefore it can be safely inferred the extension also passes in weaker load scenarios.